docs(contributing): add parallel as dependency (#3421)
Chocobozzz/PeerTube: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

First, you should use a server or PC with at least 4GB of RAM. Less RAM may lead to crashes.

1) Make sure that you have followed
[the steps](/support/doc/dependencies.md)
to install the dependencies.

> 1) Install [parallel](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel/) to be able to run development related commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Install [parallel](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel/) to be able to run tests.
```
